I was born to two Christian parents;
they always tried to instill in us
a love for Jehovah.
But I felt quite lonely growing up,
and I felt like I didn’t have people
who wanted to do the same things
—the lifestyle, the way they spoke,
the music they were listening to—
and so for me, the real struggle was
where do I stand?
Where are my boundaries going to be set?
It’s really hard because it could mean
the difference between having a friend
and not having a friend.
Over the years, I have talked to several
who’ve perhaps drifted a little bit
in the truth.
And that unfortunately happened
to some of my friends.
Nobody is immune
to the pressures of the world.
I was born and raised by Christian parents,
so all through my childhood
and teenage years,
I was happy serving Jehovah,
but it got a little bit harder
when I started to work.
People at work would ask me
to do social activities with them,
go for a drink and things,
but there were men who would ask me
to go out with them.
It’s flattering when someone
shows interest in you, so it was nice,
but it was hard to have to
constantly remind myself,
‘Well, you know that this
is not going to be successful;
you know this person doesn’t love Jehovah.’
I remember one day
I drove into a parking lot,
and I just prayed to Jehovah
with tears in my eyes, and I said:
“This is too hard. This is just too hard.
“The people that are my friends
are starting to leave the truth.
I feel quite lonely,
but I want to serve you.”
After that prayer I went home,
I spoke to my mom,
and she got really quiet,
and she just looked at me and said,
“Anything Jehovah tells you
is to benefit yourself.”
And it clicked in that moment
that Jehovah was saying to me: “I love you.
“I will carry you through this time,
and you’ll see
“that there will be all these blessings
that’ll open up to you,
“and you’ll have
a really wonderful, colorful life,
but you have to hang in there.”
Even though it was hard,
I resisted the temptation,
but someone close to me
who faced the same pressure
gave in and ended up leaving Jehovah.
When I heard
that she was disfellowshipped,
it just completely hit me so hard
because you really are just worried
about what is going to happen
with their future.
After a while, she did come back to Jehovah.
She’s raising a child on her own.
One day we were having a video chat
with the little one
just playing in the background,
and she suddenly turned around and said,
“Mummy, why did you marry someone
who doesn’t love Jehovah?”
She understood that we need to live
according to Jehovah’s standards.
As elders, we can help people to get up
and get back on the path to life,
and it’s a real pleasure.
I’m reminded about the account of David.
Eventually he was forgiven by Jehovah
because he had a good heart;
however, there were consequences
all through his life.
I’ve received so many blessings
for sticking to Jehovah.
I found a lovely brother to marry
in the Christian congregation,
and we’re very happy together.
The thing to do
is to just stick with Jehovah.
“Taste and see that Jehovah is good,”
and when you do that, you will appreciate
that there is absolutely no need
to go anywhere else.
Having observed what has happened
to people who have left the truth
and the baggage they sometimes
end up carrying
when they come back in the truth
makes me feel that it’s just not worth it.
Really, Jehovah is like a parent;
he wants to protect us and care for us.
Things will always work out for the best
if you do things Jehovah’s way.
I feel my family has had many blessings.
As a husband and a father,
I’ve got four children
who have all grown up in the truth.
They’ve all gone on to have
good theocratic lives,
where they’ve enjoyed
many privileges of service.
So for me, it’s been a real blessing
to do things Jehovah’s way.
I think when you test out the world,
Satan will give you immediate satisfaction,
but when you serve no purpose
to him anymore, that’s it.
One of the most beautiful blessings
I’ve received is people
—people around you who love Jehovah
and who want to serve him the way you do.
I really strongly believe that Jehovah
not only gives us a lot of blessings
but gives us blessings
that he’s handpicked for us.
My observation would be
that experience is not the best teacher;
Jehovah is the best Teacher.